In this lecture we will learn about what is CSSA at rulings and the role that CSSA that rules play in
our style sheets and at ruined CSSA specifies how the style sheet should behave.
The syntax of an app rule is the at symbol followed by a key word.
There are two types of rules regular rules and nested rules regular rules have a syntax of the at symbol
keyword and a semi-colon.
Nested rules have a syntax of the symbol keyword and then an additional block of statements.
Example usages of at rules are to Import External style sheets and provide specifications for styling
on specific screen sizes each rule does something different and the rules usually have very little in
common.
Aside from the syntax in the next lecture we will learn about some of the CSSA at rules and look at
examples of how to use them.